escape room tournament of champions is
about to hit theaters
so to prepare i'm going to dive into the
first escape room and recap
everything that you need to know before
seeing the sequel
and just like a real escape room i'm
going to be doing it on the clock
so let's start that timer and let's get
into everything you need to know about
escape room one
in three minutes or less escape room
follows a group of strangers who were
invited to take part in an escape room
with a ten thousand dollar prize
if you don't know what an escape room is
they're usually these elaborately
designed rooms that you have to solve
all the puzzles in to escape in a
certain amount of time now usually in
real life if you fail to escape the room
in that set amount of time
you aren't brutally murdered you're just
forced to take a picture of yourself
holding a sign that says you're a loser
so the strangers in this escape room are
zoe a physics student
ben a stock boy at a grocery store
amanda
an iraq war veteran with ptsd jason a
day trader
mike a truck driver and danny an escape
room enthusiast
the six strangers arrive in an office
building and soon find that the game has
already started the office turns into an
oven which they manage to escape next
the group finds themselves in a freezing
cabin which eventually leads them
outside
onto a frozen lake unfortunately for
dany he falls through the ice
and drowns the next room is an upside
down billiards bar
the longer it takes for them to solve
the room's puzzle the more pieces of the
floor begin to fall away
revealing a seemingly bottomless chasm
amanda ends up plummeting to her
death before they can all escape in a
hospital-themed room jason uses a
defibrillator
to shock mike to death in order to solve
that room's puzzle
jason immediately gets his comeuppance
in the next room when he and ben fight
over an antidote to a toxin they've been
poisoned with
ben kills jason and manages to escape as
does
zoe who manages to trick whoever's
running these games into believing she's
dead
and spring a surprise attack ben as the
official winner meets the game master
who explains that each year the
mysterious minos escape rooms
corporation
lures a group of strangers to play these
games which are designed by a mysterious
puzzle maker
while ridge viewers bet on the outcome
the strangers always have something in
common
with this group all having previously
survived tragic disasters
zoe survived a plane crash ben survived
a car accident
amanda survived an ied blast jason
survived the shipwreck
mike survived a mine cave-in and danny
survived when his family died of carbon
monoxide poisoning
and now that this particular game was
over the game master tries to kill
ben luckily zoe's ruse worked and she
shows up to save ben
and together they kill the game master a
freed zoe and ben try to alert the
police about this crazy murderous game
but when the police investigate the
building it's been completely cleared
out
six months later zoe alerts ben that all
of the deaths from the escape room have
been covered up as
accidents but she thinks she's figured
out where
minos corporation is located and wants
ben to come with her to manhattan to
take them down
and so the two hop on a plane to
manhattan but little do they know that
the plane they're getting on
also happens to be part of minos's evil
plan
and that's everything you need to know
about escape room one
let me know some of your favorite
moments or rooms in that movie in the
comments below and let me know what you
hope to see in tournament of champions
if you enjoyed this video go ahead and
give it a like hit the subscribe button
and the bell notifications i'm making
recaps for all sorts of movies and tv
series
so if you want to stay up to date on
those you need to stay up to date
on me that does it for me in this video
i'll see you in the next one